hi my name is Jeremy Chapman and I'm
going to be showing you how i built the
MDT 2010 beta 1 environment that did my
windows XP migration into windows seven
RC build with applications and user
state migration so here we've got the
microsoft deployment toolkit 2010 beta
one deployment workbench open that can
be downloaded from the connect microsoft
com portal and there you can get access
to the bits and you can also install
those and configure them and we're going
to show how that is done in this
recording so let's first take a look at
what's in the microsoft deployment
toolkit so first off we'll see the
getting started guide now this will walk
you through more or less what I'm going
to show in this video how to populate
your deployment with the degree
ingredients for an OS deployment
including operating systems applications
etc plus we have documentation we have
news and the components so here you can
see the things that are required for
microsoft deployment toolkit to work and
also it will give you links to each one
of these things so that you could
download them and install them as
prerequisites for deployment such as the
windows automate installation kit now I
look at the distribution share we've
built that in beta 1 so that it has
checkmarks to go through all of the main
tasks the first task that will do is
install the windows automate
installation kit which we've already
done prior with previous to this demo
now we're going to create a distribution
share so I just take the default
settings and hit create now I've got to
check marks in my my deployment
workbench so the next thing we have to
do is install some operating system
files I'm going to point to OS source
files and look at the c drive and the
deploy source and we're going to point
at an operating system and basically
import that into this environment so
we're going to start out with windows 7
enterprise x86 and we're going to use
the Move option in this case because it
is much faster to move those files into
the deployment share and it will give us
a name already pre-configured and mu
those files over for us so after we have
some operating systems installed the
next thing we can do is add some
applications to our installation package
so as you saw in the previous demo of
the build-out from XP into windows seven
RC we had things like microsoft office
enterprise 2007 in there along with
firewall apps and other applications now
we're going to stipulate both where the
files are we're going to give the
command line needed to run the
unattended office installation in most
cases that's just setup XE but I have an
unattended sochi ated with my office
install I'm going to add a couple more
applications into the application store
essentially we're going to put in
communicator 2007 another app that I
selected in the previous demo and also
stipulate the command line in this case
it is OC installer.exe and we're going
to add another application into the
store just to again show what was
selected in the previous demonstration
in this case we'll put in life meeting
will stipulate where that is we'll move
the files to speed it up and we will
stipulate the command line here which is
in this case LM installer.exe / silent
and there you have it we've got now
applications in our in our deployment
workbench and operating systems now I
can also install packages things like
updates language packs etc for my
deployment in that case I've just
imported some packages and will also
point this to some drivers that I have
now the MDT driver store will do p and
PID enumeration and basically add the
drivers to an image that are needed
based on the hardware that it detects so
I've now got operating systems
applications packages and drivers now in
my deployment environment and just an
important note here what i could do is
actually not put in the drivers and
packages and dis rely windows update for
these things so
the next thing I need to do is build a
task sequence so I've right clicked on
task sequences given it an ID given that
a task sequence name we're going to use
a standard client task sequence which
will do all of my data migration apps
etc as part of a fully unattended
installation process we'll give it a
name and organization name and will
stipulate the home page here woodgrove
bank will set up the administrator
password and that will build me a task
sequence as well as a nun attend and
once we're done with that then basically
we have to choose a new deployment point
in this case we'll use removable media
as I've built off of a USB Drive I've
actually imported the deployment folder
in that last demonstration to the
windows XP c drive and run it through a
script called BDD autorun wsf and now i
can create my my media deployment point
which again will contain all of the
files needed in order to run through
that entire process the last thing I
need to do once I've created the media
deployment point is update that
deployment point which will put all the
files the operating systems everything
that I've configured in the deployment
workbench into a folder in this case
called media and that is what I would
copy into a bootable USB stick for
example which would allow me to build
out the operating systems that I've put
into it so I could deploy everything
from Windows XP to vista to windows 7 to
server 2008 in 2008 r2 all from the same
stick if I wanted to and that's
basically the entire process into end as
to how you would build that deployment
environment and as you saw with the
previous video what the result of that
is is a completely unattended setup once
you've kicked off light touch
installation that will migrate your
files install the applications that you
select install the OS and restore all of
your files and settings back onto the
windows
operating system